and 123 123 123 123 and 123 123 123 123
and 122 12 tip 1 2 1 2
tip and 12 tip 1 2 1 2 1 2
the figure i go she goes works for
We have the Lord as follows
always free in his left foot ok now
it starts with a forward then
sideways
tip while the gentleman turns to the left
means left foot is free from the cut
here
forward I turn 90 degrees
left sideways I continue 90 degree tips
I have a total of 180 degrees behind me
turned left and from the steps ago
therefore has 12 tip forward sideways
ok, it looks like this me
make a step easy on the lady
passing in front of me that's me
have my first step forward
1 Now I turn to the right and
do one with your right foot
backwards step on the 2 and then
a tip on the three for the lady
therefore has the right foot forward
sideways tip but different than the gentleman
The lady I left but after
right
that is right again that is free
forward.de 90 degrees to the right
time will tell me about 90 more
degree to the right and a tip the lady
the following steps have taken her on the spot
has the right foot free now turns the
lady left around
that is why I'm passing me here
Turn left around to go forward
Step on the left side by 90 °
make another 90 degrees turn
step back and one tap and 12 tip 1
2 1 2
tip 1 2 tip and 12 tip 1 2
Tip 1 2 Tip 1 2
tip on the figure guido schiek
it also starts to open
position out for example after one
separation we have the distance here
from one another
ok now I pull the lady towards me
lasser if my hand down on the
height of my abdomen
that means you already see one
i have my hand here one
right abdomen led that is
right because the lady's hand over
let my back strip while she
behind me by dancing we make
slow from the perspective and man
the camera is you 1 strokes the lady
over my back and that
That's why it's important for me here
hand again get that means
At the place I know where the hand of
Lady is just when you are a bit
Quick dance I want to empty myself
but grab the hand of the lady vision
that is, I turn the lady here before
I pull myself to the right on the spot
now really turn right again
the lady but at the same time is important
when my hand is first up
then I do not hear them around but
only support your turn